feat: `zedc pr, zedc doctor, zedc test --threshold, --json` (#4364)
zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode: zedc/CHANGELOG.md

# 0.3.0

> - **Enhancement:** Added a machine-readable output mode (`--json` / `--format json`) available on every command. `doctor`, `status`, and `test coverage` emit their full internal results as JSON (e.g. `{ "coverage": { "patch_pct": 87.5, "baseline_pct": 88.1, "uncovered": [{ "file": "...", "lines": [...] }] }, "passed": false }`), with spinners, colors, and hyperlinks suppressed so agents and CI can consume results without scraping terminal output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Enhancement:** Added a machine-readable output mode (`--json` / `--format json`) available on every command. `doctor`, `status`, and `test coverage` emit their full internal results as JSON (for example, `{ "coverage": { "patch_pct": 87.5, "baseline_pct": 88.1, "uncovered": [{ "file": "...", "lines": [...] }] }, "passed": false }`), with spinners, colors, and hyperlinks suppressed so agents and CI can consume results without scraping terminal output.
```

Author: `e.g.` strikes again! sorry, will be more cautious about using it 😅
